update network security doc (#1968)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/enterprise-hub-network-security.md

</div>

> ## Higher Hub rate limits

Reviewer: Rate Limits* ?

Author: you would change the title ? I use the same as the button label for clarity

Reviewer: Oh no i meant just capitalizing Rate Limits but not necessary

Author: ah yes I see, fixing it

> Most of the actions on the Hub have limits, for example, users are limited to creating a certain number of repositories per day. 
> Once your IP ranges are set, enabling this option lets your organization request the highest usage limits for members connecting from those ranges. This also enables the highest HTTP rate limits on the Hub API, to unlock large volumes of model or dataset downloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most of the actions on the Hub have limits; for example, users are limited to creating a certain number of repositories per day. Enterprise Plus automatically gives your users the highest rate limits possible for every action.

Additionally, once your IP ranges are set, enabling the "Higher Hub Rate Limits" option allows your organization to benefit from the highest HTTP rate limits on the Hub API, unlocking large volumes of model or dataset downloads.
```
more accurate this way

</div>

## Higher Hub rate limits

> Most of the actions on the Hub have limits, for example, users are limited to creating a certain number of repositories per day. 

Reviewer 3: maybe link to /docs/hub/rate-limits

> This option allows your organization to apply for higher limits for your organization members. This also enables higher HTTP rate limits on the Hub API, to unlock large volumes of model or dataset downloads.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This option allows your organization to apply for the highest limits for your organization members. This also enables the highest HTTP rate limits on the Hub API, to unlock large volumes of model or dataset downloads.
```
